The Wallet product accompanying this Agreement as a pre-release copy and all affiliated materials, including documentation and information (collectively the “Product”), is copyrighted. Scope of this agreement is the licensing (not selling) of the “Product” to You, as the ‘user’ (either an individual or an entity). 
Please read and agree to the following terms and conditions, if you wish to be eligible to participate in the Closed Beta Testing. However, we do not guarantee that you will be selected to participate in the Beta Testing.
BY USING THIS SOFTWARE, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE THAT: (1) YOU ARE 13 YEARS OF AGE OR OLDER, AND IF YOU ARE BETWEEN AGE 13 and 18, YOU HAVE OBTAINED CONSENT FROM YOUR PARENT OR GUARDIAN; AND (2) YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD, AND ACCEPTED THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.
Ownership and Copyright of Software Title to the Software and all copies thereof remain with Us. The Software is copyrighted and is protected by copyright laws and international treaty provisions. Licensee will not remove copyright notices from the Software. Licensee agrees to prevent any unauthorized copying of the Software. Except as expressly provided herein, We do not grant any express or implied right to you under our patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secret information.
Limited License. You are entitled to access  and operate the Wallet solely for the purposes of performing your obligations under this Agreement. You may not sell, license, or transfer the Wallet, or reproductions of the Wallet to other parties In any way. You may operate the Wallet on any device linked to the instant communicator.
Limitation on Liability Provision of any Software under this Agreement is experimental and shall not create any obligation for Us to continue to develop, productize, support, repair, offer for sale or in any other way continue to provide or develop Software either to Licensee or to any other party. 
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTY OF ANY KIND INCLUDING WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE. IN NO EVENT SHALL WE BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, LOSS OF INFORMATION) ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF OR INABILITY TO USE THE SOFTWARE, EVEN IF WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
Beta Tester agrees to report any flaws, errors or imperfections discovered in any software or other materials where Beta Tester has been granted access to the Beta Test. Beta Tester understands that prompt and accurate reporting is the purpose of the Beta Tests and undertakes to use best efforts to provide frequent reports on all aspects of the product both positive and negative and acknowledges that any improvements, modifications and changes arising from or in connection with the Beta Testers contribution to the Project, remain or become the exclusive property of the Disclosing Party.
Confidentiality. The Tester will not disclose Software or any comments regarding Software to any third party without the prior written approval of Us. The Tester will maintain the confidentiality of Software with at least the same degree of care that you use to protect your own confidential and proprietary information, but not less than a reasonable degree of care under the circumstances. The Tester will not be liable for the disclosure of any confidential information which is: (a.) in the public domain other than by a breach of this Agreement on Tester’s part; or (b.) rightfully received from a third party without any obligation of confidentiality; or (c.) rightfully known to Tester without any limitation on use or disclosure prior to its receipt from Us; or (d.) generally made available to third parties by Us without restriction on disclosure.
No Support and Maintenance; Future Products.
During your participation in the Beta Program or in a particular seed. We are not obligated to provide you with any maintenance, technical or other support for the Pre-Release Software. If - at Our option, such support is provided. it will be provided in addition to your normal warranty coverage for your computer and/or device. You agree to abide by any support rules and policies that We provide to you in order to receive such support. You acknowledge that We have no express or implied obligation to announce or make available a commercial version of the Pre-Release Software to anyone in the future. Should a commercial version be made available, it may have features or functionality that are different from those found in the Pre-Release Software licensed hereunder. Privacy Policy. Our Privacy Policy (Privacy Policy) applies to the Beta Program and the Beta Software. You acknowledge and agree that by participating in the Beta Program or by using the Beta Software, We may receive certain information about you. including personally identifiable information. and you hereby consent to theScore’s collection, use and disclosure such information in accordance with the Privacy Policy. 
No Assignment. This Agreement is personal to Tester. Tester shall not assign or otherwise transfer any rights or obligations under this Agreement.If any provision of this Agreement shall be found by a court to be void, invalid or unenforceable, the same shall be reformed to comply with applicable law or stricken if not so conformable, so as not to affect the validity or enforceability of this Agreement.
